My life is brilliant, my love is pure. I saw an angel, of that I'm sure.
People killing people dying, children hurting hear them crying. Can you practice what you preach? Won't you turn the other cheek?
Forever young, I want to be forever young.
I won't hesitate, no more no more it cannot wait, I'm yours.
This is the way you left me, I'm not pretending. No love no hope no glory, no happy ending.
Cause you were amazing, and we did amazing things.
If I could, then I would. I'll go wherever you will go.
And can you feel the love tonight?
And she will be loved, yes she will be loved
Pictures of you, pictures of me hung up on your wall, for the world to see.
Cause I can't live, with or without you.
Whenever I fall, at your feet, you let your tears...
Am I not pretty enough? Is my heart to bro...?
When I find myself, in times of trouble Mother Mary Comes to me.
Sometimes I feel like I don't have a partner.
That's the way it's gonna be little darling. We'll go riding on the horses, Yeah, Yeah.
No woman no cry.
Mama this surely is a dream.
I come from a land down under.
Once a jolly swagman camped by a billabong.
Take on me. Take me on. I'll be gone in a day or two.
When I come around.
Save tonight, find the break of dawn.
Gonna take a lot to drag me away from you. There's nothing that hundred men or more could ever do.
If I were a boy I think I would understand.
I know she's playing with me. Well that's ok cause I have no self esteem.
With a thousand eyes and a good disguise hit 'em right between the eyes, hit 'em right between the eyes
Cause I'm not here for your entertainment. You don't really wanna mess with me tonight.
Can't read my, can't read my, no you can't read my poker face.
Come on Barbie lets go party.
Lost and insecure, you found me, you found me.
She wants to touch me wo-hoo. She wants to love me wo-hoo. She'll never leave me wo-hoo. Wo-ho oh oh.
Enjoy yourself take only what you need from it.
Take your canvas bags. Take your canvas bags. Take your canvas bags to the supermarket. Take your canvas bags.
Nothing's right, I'm torn. I'm all out of faith, this is how I feel. I'm cold and I am shamed, lying naked on the floor. Illusion never changed, into something real. I'm wide awake and I can see.
I'm more than a bird, I'm more than a plane. I'm a bird-plane, I'm a bird-plane. A mother fucking bird-plane.
Doesn't that sound familiar? Doesn't that hit too close to home? Doesn't that make you shiver, the way things have gone? And doesn't it seem peculiar that everyone wants a little more. So that I do remember to never go that far, That's all it takes to be a star.
